Switch deployment from Heroku to Replit (#175)
upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store: README.md

const deletedGuest = await response.json();
```

<!--

## Deploying to Heroku

Create a Heroku account at [Heroku - Sign up](https://signup.heroku.com/), and then click on this button:

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/tree/main)

This will set up a new application on your Heroku account using this repo as a template.

-->

> ### Run on Replit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Import to Replit
```

Create a Replit account at [Replit - Sign up](https://replit.com/signup), and then click on this button:

> [![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/unknownblueguy6/MineSweeper)](https://replit.com/github/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store)

Reviewer: - [ ] the image is still pointing at the other repo
- [ ] Replit does not have a period in the name

Author: 818df70

> This will set up a new application on your Replit account using this repo as a template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will import the code from this repo to a new repl on Replit. Once it has been imported, run the application using the green **Run** button at the top center of the screen.
```

const deletedGuest = await response.json();
```

> ## Deploying to Heroku

Reviewer: let's comment this out (HTML comments) instead of removing it completely, in case Heroku student plans will work (these will be announced near end of September 2022)

Reviewer: 93b012cfd8f82e8618262928c0d862cbda054940

Reviewer: One further change here: let's add the start and end of the HTML comments on new lines (with an empty line in between), so that the diff does not touch the existing lines of the Heroku section

Author: db78899
